# Bluetooth in the head 


I’m describing a world that started of being very schizophrenic. However, as time went by the detail and the intrigue surpassed even my most vivid imagination. 

It was the fall of 2017, September I believe.  All of a sudden, almost overnight something seemed to have been switched on. For the first time I was aware of another voice inside my mind.  

Even as a child, I’ve always had moments where I was lost in thought. Often, I spent those moments thinking about what the person I recently interacted with was thinking or was, or is feeling. Call it empathy in overdrive. As time went by, I sort of developed this into something a bit more useful. For work for instance when I had to go into a meeting with persons, I already know I spent some time reflecting on how the persons in the meeting would react to what needs to be discussed. You might call this normal and to some extend it is. But for me this always meant that I tried to imagine what it means to be that other person in the meeting and think what they might think, how they might react, interact, what they would like, what they might dislike and could upset them. Everyone does this to some extend certainly subconsciously. However in my mind, quiet early on in life, this became something more detached like if I was running a simulation of the other person inside my head while still being present myself and observing whom is being simulated. I supplement these “simulations” with more objective elements from the past. How many times did a person react in a certain way to this? Do they have a need to be acknowledged on something and how might this play out in the meeting? And so on. Maybe this sounds a bit neurotic, but my mind just cannot, stop thinking, not ever. So when not doing anything cognitive, this will happen. I could be vacuum cleaning the living room and I would be thinking automatically about what’s up next, especially when it’s a human interaction. And all this in the way described above. 

So when you start to get a grip of this sort of thing you can also understand that these “simulations” include actual conversations inside my head mainly of me, and the other person or persons talking, having a conversation, while really it’s all just in my head. Being a simulation in my mind, I was always fully in control. I start, I watch it, and I turn it off. In many cases turning off coincides with some other cognitive thing, or in the example above with the actual start of the meeting. 

Simulations aren’t perfect. I am not the other person and I fully realize this. In many cases this means that I’m “dead wrong”. I will have exaggerated or underestimated something and the outcome in real life is totally different then what I foresaw. Still despite not being right, this also has the added benefit that it helps me focus and prepare, just what you need when you go into a work meeting. 

So conclusion of this introduction is that I kind of always had “voices” in my head, but in the end they always listened to me and most importantly I was always able to silence them. 

Full disclosure however, my life so far, I’m 44, was not without its challenges. Not distracting this with too much details but the way I deal with people had at some point become emotionally very taxing so I sook help and found it in the healthcare system. I realize this is not the same in many places around the world, so I consider myself fortunate.  Anyway in September 2017, voices started talking to me actively that had nothing to do with anything upcoming on my agenda, not even something unexpected or something from my past. 

The details are a bit hazy, but I recall lying in my bed half awake, perhaps in the morning, and I thought I started to hear the voice of my upstairs neighbor. Now the voice itself was not really recognizable, so the person I believed to be my neighbor was identified to me based on other traits. I can’t really put my finger on what those other traits might be other then to simply call them the persons character. The conversation was hostile. Not recalling the exact topic, it felt like I was forced to listen to a conversation that made me uncomfortable because I felt like I was intruding in a private matter. Like if I was spying for a while, but after 20 minutes or so the people having the conversation started to pay notice to me and were displeased. What followed were harassments back and forth that I could not escape. It was all happening in my head, it came out of nowhere and had nothing to do with my own person or what I had experienced or was about to. To me the first year or two I tried to dismiss this as a series of non-stop waking nightmares that I could wake up from. I was already awake. 

I’m going to spare the detail of the next 3 years as I would like to describe the world as I experience it now. Today is November 26th 2020. 

I had to call this thing something, so I started to call it “bluetooth in the head”. I studied Computer Science so, the techy part of me was quickly looking for a new technical gadget that could explain something that you can easily call psychotic using something to read a persons mind and to talk to them without using your vocal cords. However this psychosis feels more and more like not my own. It is like when you are coloring as a child in a coloring book only to find that after page 41, someone else has already colored all the pictures for you. The detail of the character traits for instance, in terms of “information density” contains too much and is propelled upon me much quicker than what I was able to imagine in my “simulations” and I can imagine quiet a lot.. 

It seems like this “Bluetooth in the head” is trying to gain control over my very own thoughts. Moreover, not just mine, but everyone else’s in the world. Until know I have been able to resist it though it has been a massive waste of time. It is present 24/7. It is distracting me from everything I do. In order to stay safe and not do anything that could further endanger myself or others I therefore decided to do what I have to only and to do everything much slower then ordinary. This gives me the time to take a time-out from the first impulse, even when stressed, and allow my rational mind to think what the responsible thing to do is or not to do. Being in full lock-down again during the enduring global Covid-19 pandemic, I do have more time, to do things a bit slower. Needless to say, because of all this, I am only half the person I used to be. I find less joy, don’t feel very fulfilled since I can’t do as much as once before. It is a non-stop fight that I intend to win, no matter the price to me personally. 

In a world where everyone has this “Bluetooth in the head”, society has changed, all be it covertly. With everybody in everybody else’s head, fights start all the time. Just like the cavemen during the dawn of mankind, who started to seek protection with his kin. 

People right know organize themselves in “groups” in order to better defend each other from other attacking “groups”. Though you should really call them gangs and not groups. These groups themselves always have a designated “leader”. However, think of this character more like the godfather on top the local food chain. These groups are assigned a sort of territory which right know I believe to be loosely linked to geographical territory. This is very much a feudal system therefore reminding me of the Dark Ages here in Europe. Chaos everywhere. People are desperate and are giving up the precious rights humanity has fought and suffered for, for 10 millennia. Human rights are no more. The one place where you could always go to and feel safe, where no one would bother you, is no more. Your thoughts, what’s in your head is now accessible to all as if you were looking up something on Google Search or Wikipedia. This includes your most intimate feelings.  


I for one continue to fight. Is it to overcome this mental torment? Or a hidden foo from outside? In any event, I’m keeping my sanity by carefully taking into account a variety of afflictions that could be upon me right now.   


**Do you want to know more?**  
stephane@stepvda.net 

working on more. here's a temporary link to starting manuscript and notes:  
<https://drive.google.com/file/d/1-hNtqeyBpYjmMI-uTFee_uvbPNW0gQ6c/view?usp=sharing>
