# Quick writeup that feels appropriate (2023/06/11)   
Someone has to start describing them and talking to others about them. 

With infrared these flying things move through my living room and some seem to follow a trajectory that alters. They could be just dust particles, but they seem to be able to move quiet fast and when they hit an object, a surface they can disappear in it (e.g. projector screen) or stick to it (ceiling) and remain lit.

Depending on which variant and your believe or disbelieve in any or only part of it, some could also be custom's which according to some voices are actually KM4more's, that are harvested, repurposed, reprogrammed. All a while, though not the right word, "dehumanising", intelligent, living creatures fits. They (#atg) are using them as a resource to use/abuse and turn them into weapons and tools for the telepathic scene: slavery, or as they named it themselves in a conversation: genocide. Still I have to keep doubting myself on their existence. ATG, Boris Vanrillaer makes sure, I am never told anything with certainty, never I get any affirmation of anything talked about with me through telepathy. I actually feel possibly disrespectful towards KM4more if I have to learn that they are real, I should have treated them the way I try to treat other human, with respect, patience and humanity. Being manipulated and all to often fooled by ATG I have to weigh this against also keeping some respect for myself; self respect. I cannot allow myself to be fooled all the time, because I want to be descent, good, person. If I don't make it, please excuse any disrespect from my part that might have been undeserved. I could have failed to be good, but I have tried and if still alive, will always continue to do good and not look back. Hopefully more humans will beter learn to understand KM4more, in their diversity that goes much further then their 2 class system of "3pekkels" and "klingons".
To date I've learned that 2.6 billion KM4more's, individuals were lost in the fight with #ATG which is now, for the wrong reasons, a fight with all humans. You can't really blame them, but we can, should and will blame #ATG Alight.

link to videos taken at my place with home security cam (logitech circle) in infrared:    
[Stephane's km4more videos](https://github.com/stepvda/published/tree/6dc821000893fc11a90bbc48137ff3d09f7870c1/lib/km4more_vids)

I prefer to describe KM4more as subnuclear lifeforms. Where we see nature and trees in the reality around us, they see atoms, quarks and more still unknown to us humans. But do KM4more actually know what a tree is? Still, we humans, them KM4more, subnuclear lifeforms, we all share the same reality. Are we both ready to see what part of this shared reality we both can see or are we going to continue this never ending information war, where no one is ever right. True is never believable enough so we can feel okay about it. We keep fighting each other and keep creating doubt that will make us doubt our entire reality, both of us. Trustin oneanother is the proven alternative and the path out of this mess. If we ever succeed ones more to trust; you trust me, I trust you.... If that could be the foundation of both our lives, doubt is never in short supply, the universe has enough for both of us to continue to figure out. And what we still need to figure out, well we know we at least know don't know it yet, so we doubt it as not knowing always means you have an idea of what it could be. So why waste all this time to doubt who we are, who you are, what you are, why doubt each other? Try to trust, even when you've been, cheated, abused, raped, still try to trust. Trust is the one thing they don't want us to do. It scares them (them = #atg Alight). They put in place a lot of this telepathic insanity to detroy trust. To lock us into our own imagined virtual prison where we convince ourselves we are more and more and more different then anyone or anything anywhere or ever existed. Your imagination also allows you to trust. 


